Date of Last Revision: August 28, 2009
Statement of Rights and Responsibilities
This Statement of Rights and Responsibilities ("Statement") derives from the Facebook Principles,
and governs our relationship with users and others who interact with
Facebook. By using or accessing Facebook, you agree to this Statement.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. We designed our Privacy Policy
to make important disclosures about how you can use Facebook to share
with others and how we collect and can use your content and
information. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy, and to use it
to help make informed decisions.
Sharing Your Content and Information
You own all of the content and information you post on Facebook, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings. In addition:
For
content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos
and videos ("IP content"), you specifically give us the following
permission, subject to your privacy and application settings:
you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable,
royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on
or in connection with Facebook ("IP License"). This IP License ends
when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has
been shared with others, and they have not deleted it.
When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner
similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, you
understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a
reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
When you add an application and use Platform, your
content and information is shared with the application. We require
applications to respect your privacy settings, but your agreement with
that application will control how the application can use the content
and information you share. (To learn more about Platform, read our About Platform page.)
When you publish content or information using the
"everyone" setting, it means that everyone, including people off of
Facebook, will have access to that information and we may not have
control over what they do with it.
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions
about Facebook, but you understand that we may use them without any
obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation
to offer them).
